Revamp FAQ and Transfer ROSE to ParaTimes chapters (#651)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/general/manage-tokens/faq.md

:::caution

BitPie wallet doesn't use the [standardized Oasis mnemonic derivation (ADR-8)][ADR-8].
Consequently, your **Bitpie wallet's mnemonic phrase will not open the same
account in the Oasis Wallet**.

:::

> In May 2023, the BitPie team [removed support for the Oasis network][bitpie-announcement]. Thus, the only way to access your tokens stored on your BitPie wallet is to

Reviewer: Wrap the line.

If you reinstalled BitPie or restored it with a mnemonic on a new device, you
may not have your ROSE account present anymore. In this case, you will have
to convert your BitPie mnemonic to the Oasis private key using the [Oasis
unmnemonic CLI tool] (64-bit binaries available for [Linux][unmnemonic-linux],
[MacOS][unmnemonic-macos] and [Windows][unmnemonic-windows]).

Open a terminal (on Windows run `cmd`), move to the corresponding folder and
execute it. An interactive prompt will be shown to you:

1. select the **Bitpie** algorithm,

> 2. enter the number of mnemonics (typically **12**) and carefully type them in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. enter the number of words in the mnemonic (typically **12**) and carefully type them in
```

? Have you read and understand the warning Yes
? How many words is your mnemonic 24
? Enter word 1 *****
? Enter word 2 ****
? Enter word 3 ****
? Enter word 4 ******
? Enter word 5 ****
? Enter word 6 *****
? Enter word 7 ****
? Enter word 8 *******
? Enter word 9 ******
? Enter word 10 *****
? Enter word 11 ***
? Enter word 12 *****
? Enter word 13 *****
? Enter word 14 ****
? Enter word 15 ****
? Enter word 16 ******
? Enter word 17 ****
? Enter word 18 *****
? Enter word 19 ****
? Enter word 20 *******
? Enter word 21 ******
? Enter word 22 *****
? Enter word 23 ***
? Enter word 24 *****
? Wallet index(es) (comma separated) 4
 Index[4]: oasis1qqwkm23pyg638xvl2nu00frxhapusjjv8qhh3p77
? Write the keys to disk Yes
? Output directory /home/oa/tmp/wallet-export-2023-11-28
 Index[4]: oasis1qqwkm23pyg638xvl2nu00frxhapusjjv8qhh3p77.private.pem - done
Done writing wallet keys to disk, goodbye.
```

Move to the output directory. There you should see a `.private.pem` file
containing the private key and named after the address it belongs to. Open it
with a text editor and copy the Base64-encoded key between the
`-----BEGIN ED25519 PRIVATE KEY-----` and `-----END ED25519 PRIVATE KEY-----`,

> and [paste it into the Oasis wallet][oasis-wallet-import-private-key].

Reviewer: Couldn't one use the new `import-file` to do the import directly?

Author: Great idea! Added.
